Projects/Social/Info Center/AMT Info Center.md, before:

[Page Current]:link

[Sec Welcome]:link
[Sec Releases]:link
[Sec SysOverview]:link
[Sec Tutorials]:link

# Realms Common: Basics

Welcome to the project page of Realms Common Basics, here you will be able to discover more around the project.

## Guide

- [Welcome][Sec Welcome]
	- [Releases][Sec Releases]
	- [Systems Overview][Sec SysOverview]
	- [Tutorials][Sec Tutorials]

### Welcome

### Releases

The following are the current releases available for each tier of release:

|Current Stage|Version|Release Date|
|:---|:---|:---|
|Public|None||
|Early Public|None||
|Beta|None||
|Early Beta|None||


The following is the Expected Releases for this given project:

|Stage|Version|Date|
|:---|:---|:---|
|Early Beta|V EB 1.0.0.0|Feb 28 2022|
|Beta|V B 1.0.0.0|Mar 14 2022|
|Early Public|V EP 1.0.0.0|Mar 28 2022|
|Public|V P 1.0.0.0|April 11 2022|

### Systems Overview

The following gives a general description and number of features for each system within this project:

|System Name|Num of Features|Desc|
|:---|:---|:---|

### Tutorials

The following Tutorial pages are available for this given project:

|Page Name|Desc|
|:---|:---|

Commit message:

V D 0.0.4.0 Part5: AMT Info Center Documented

Projects/Social/Info Center/AMT Info Center.md, after:

[Page Current]:https://github.com/Ancient-Majik-Tech/AMT-Info-Center/blob/main/Projects/Social/Info%20Center/AMT%20Info%20Center.md

[Sec Welcome]:https://github.com/Ancient-Majik-Tech/AMT-Info-Center/blob/main/Projects/Social/Info%20Center/AMT%20Info%20Center.md#welcome
[Sec Releases]:https://github.com/Ancient-Majik-Tech/AMT-Info-Center/blob/main/Projects/Social/Info%20Center/AMT%20Info%20Center.md#releases
[Sec SysOverview]:https://github.com/Ancient-Majik-Tech/AMT-Info-Center/blob/main/Projects/Social/Info%20Center/AMT%20Info%20Center.md#systems-overview
[Sec Tutorials]:https://github.com/Ancient-Majik-Tech/AMT-Info-Center/blob/main/Projects/Social/Info%20Center/AMT%20Info%20Center.md#

# AMT's Infomation Center

Welcome to the project page of AMT's Infomation Center, here you will be able to discover more around the project.

## Guide

- [Welcome][Sec Welcome]
	- [Releases][Sec Releases]
	- [Systems Overview][Sec SysOverview]
	- [Tutorials][Sec Tutorials]

### Welcome

AMT's Infomation Center is a social project which we use to provide alot of infomation about our projects and what they are for. The info center is also home to our design layouts which are used to provide a structured development pattern which our projects are designed against.

### Releases

The following are the current releases available for each tier of release:

|Current Stage|Version|Release Date|
|:---|:---|:---|
|Public|None||


The following is the Expected Releases for this given project:

|Stage|Version|Date|
|:---|:---|:---|
|Public|V P 1.0.0.0|Feb 28 2022|

### Systems Overview

The following gives a general description and number of features for each system within this project:

|System Name|Num of Features|Desc|
|:---|:---|:---|
|Design Layouts Link|0|This system provides users with a public viewable set of our patterns|
|Projects Catalogue|0|This system provides users with a basic catalogue of our projects that have reached a public release stage|
|Tutorials Hub|0|This system provides users with guides which allow them to understand how to use our works in thier own development, from our own minds|

### Tutorials

The following Tutorial pages are available for this given project:

|Page Name|Desc|
|:---|:---|
